Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu says he's working to free the
captives held in Gaza but he won't end
the war to secure their
freedom there's a lot of media hype
about efforts to secure the release of
more abductees so I would like to
clarify we're working to find another
way to release our hostages but I stress
not at any cost I have red lines
including we will not end the war we
will not remove the Army from the Gaza
Strip and we will not release thousand
of terrorists we're working all the time
to release our abductees and to achieve
the war's other goals eliminating Hamas
and ensuring that Gaza no longer poses a
threat we're working to achieve all
three goals together and we will not
give up on any of
them ham Salo joins us live from
occupied East Jerusalem so that's the
line that netan has been putting out
what has his spy Chief though been
telling the
cabinet
the head of mad meeting with Israel's
war cabinet to discuss with them what he
and the mediators came up with at a
meeting in Europe over the weekend
according to Israeli media David Baria
presenting a ninepoint outline for a
plan that would see the release of
captives in multiple different stages in
the first phase we're looking at a
35-day pause in the fighting in exchange
for 35 captives this would include any
remaining women and children
the elderly and those who need medical
care then there would be around another
week's pause to reassess how they're
going to get out the rest of the
captives who would be up for release and
in that second phase we are talking
about com combatants both male and
female Israeli Soldiers the deal though
that he presented didn't yet specify how
many Palestinian prisoners would be
released as part of the deal we do know
Netanyahu has been reiterating this for
around 48 hours now saying that there
won't be such large concessions given up
in exchange for the captive saying that
he has a lot of red lines even meeting
with some of the families of those
captives who are currently being held in
Gaza that meeting taking place in West
Jerusalem on Wednesday night he told
them there were serious concrete steps
the Israeli government was taking but
they were doing it in a discret way so
that it could have more of a success
rate so that a lot of the details don't
get leaked and that they are not subject
to pressure by the Israeli public in
order to secure a deal but again the
Prime Minister has said that Israel will
not be giving up large concessions as
part of this deal so that sounds a
little bit different than what n has
been saying different signals from
different parts of the administration I
guess a sign of conflicting pressure
how's Netanyahu dealing with
it there's a lot of pressure from
multiple angles you have pressure from
the families of the captives who say the
government's not doing enough you've
pressure from Israel's biggest Ally the
United States who says that Israel needs
to prosecute this war differently you've
pressure from the war cabinet
netanyahu's own Coalition and even the
opposition so there's a lot on his plate
as the war is in its fourth month now
from his own government you have dissent
from the members of the right wing who
say if Netanyahu enters a deal that is
not favorable to them that they say is
bad for Israel they're going to leave
the government then you have the
opposition the fiercest critics of
Netanyahu throughout the war saying that
they would provide a safety net for him
they would join some sort of unity
government for a certain amount of time
so that they can secure a deal to bring
those captives back to their families so
there is a lot of different pressure
from a lot of different angles from the
very top levels from netanyahu's war
cabinet all the way down the line to the
opposition an incredibly complex time
for Israeli politics
all right we'll leave it there thanks so
much
h